Previously on
Beauty & the Beast...
You okay, buddy? Who's he?
Uh, I don't know.
A prisoner.
Honestly, it helps more to know
that we stopped these heists
and we got Barnes.
Apparently the ID on that
kidnapper is Frank Darnell.
This guy was just a front man
for whoever
Tony Barnes really is.
Where's the guy
in the cell?
Dana.
Oh, my God, Sam.
We found bone chips.
Darnell has been burning bodies
underneath Sam's cell.
And when I asked him about it,
he denied knowing anything.
Let him think
that his plan is working.
Con the con man.
This con is to make us think
you're the bad guy.
I think we need to let
this thing go off.
If I die,
then the bad guy is gone.
Case closed. He'll think
that you guys will stop
investigating
and he won't have to kill you.
Catherine,
what are you doing here?
I wasn't going to leave you.
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
♪ I've seen it all
♪ All before
♪ It's the new black
♪ Yeah
♪ What you want
Vincent?
♪ Me to do
♪ Now you got...
What are you doing here?
Is everything
okay?
Did Sam do something?
No, this isn't about Sam.
Oh.
Where's Gabe?
I came alone.
I wanted to talk.
Okay. About?
About us.
I didn't think
there was an us anymore.
Do you want there to be?
♪ It's the new black
♪ And what is that?
Vincent?
You called him Vincent?
Wow.
And Gabe reacted how,
exactly?
He just smiled.
Smiled as in
he just let it go,
or smiled as in he
wanted to kill you
right then and there?
I think it was the former,
but it could've been the latter.
Wait, it didn't happen during...
No! No.
It happened at dinner,
thank God.
After a few too many margaritas,
obviously.
Gabe is very understanding.
Mm.
I, on the
other hand,
would've gotten
on the next plane
and flown
straight home.
But I'm not the
forgiving type.
Probably why
I'm still single.
Tess, it was an
innocent mistake.
Habit.
And it's not like it
was supposed to be
a romantic
getaway anyway.
What? It wasn't.
We had to make Sam think
that Gabe was really dead,
we took off, that's all.
To Cancun.
You stayed in
a luxury resort,
you got
massages,
you made love...
Okay.
Fine.
It was a little romantic,
all right?
And clearly I still have
issues with Vincent.
Clearly.
It's just hard to let it go
after everything
we've been through.
All the more reason why I need
to stay away from him
for a while.
Gabe?
Vincent.
I need some space,
see if there's actually
a future with Gabe.
Out of sight,
out of mind, right?
Yeah, well, that's
easier said than done
with all of us
trying to bust Sam.
And, of course,
with Gabe dead...
Gabriel Lowan
was a man of peace,
a man who stood up to evil
and faced it head-on.
A man of strength,
a man of courage.
Unafraid and unwilling...
Good thing he doesn't know
about the beast part.
Shh.
What?
We are at a funeral.
Gabe's not really
dead, remember?
Yeah, well, Sam needs
to think that he is.
Yea, though I walk
through the valley of
the shadow of death,
for thou art with me.
Act a little sad,
will you?
The only thing
I'm sad about
is that I froze my
butt off to get here.
Clearly, I'm not
the only one.
Yeah, I think Gabe
expected a better turnout.
Let's not tell him.
Hi.
Excuse me.
...thou hast anointed
my head with oil...
Sorry.
Surely, thy loving-kindness
shall follow me all the days...
How's
it going?
Act sad, you're
at a funeral.
But he's not
really dead.
Be strong...
You know, I'm sorry
I'm late,
but I, uh,
I overslept.
Rough night?
Yeah, yeah,
you could say that.
Yeah.
You know, you were right,
Sam is here.
Yeah, well, we knew
he thought Dana was dead.
But I figured he'd want to make
sure that Gabe was dead,
before he continued
with whatever his plan is.
And hopefully we can track down
this Tony Barnes...
Yeah, we can all move
on with our lives.
So, how was
Mexico?
Caliente.
Detective Chandler.
I just wanted to
offer my condolences.
Despite
what he did,
I am truly sorry
for your loss.
Thank you.
How are you holding
up, Mr. Landon?
I don't know.
Can't believe
Dana's really... gone.
I...
I just got her back, too.
Well, I'm sure she's
in a better place.
Any luck
finding the man
responsible
for this?
- Tony Barnes?
- No, sorry.
No leads at all.
The guy really knows
how to cover his tracks.
Well...
I guess we'll
just have
to somehow find
a way to move on.
Good luck.
You, too.
Don't lose him.
Not a chance.
I can't believe you're
just walking away.
Oh, come on.
I'm not about to
tell her how I feel
at her boyfriend's
funeral.
He's not
really dead.
Whoa, okay, that's
beside the point, okay?
You know it's not just
about wanting her.
It's... it's more
than that, you know?
Even if she
wasn't with Gabe,
I'd still have to find
a way to prove to her
that I would
never choose...
beast again.
But you are a beast,
at least partly.
You can't change that.
No, but I can at least
somehow show her that
I can control it better.
How are you going to do that?
Go beast cold turkey?
That's a really
good idea.
Coming!
Hey.
So... how was
my funeral?
Touching.
You would've loved it.
Yeah?
Lots of people?
You know...
we only threw it together
pretty last minute,
it was really cold
outside, so...
So not a lot of people.
No, there
were people.
There.
How many?
Okay, Gabe, first of all,
you didn't actually die,
so there's that.
And secondly,
we didn't give people
much notice,
so they just...
they sent flowers.
They sent a lot of flowers.
I sent the flowers.
Oh.
Well, they were
beautiful.
You are a lousy liar.
But thanks for
caring enough to try.
Did Sam show up, at least?
Yes.
And I think he bought it, too.
Tess is trailing him
as we speak.
Good. 'Cause I am going
stir-crazy in here.
The sooner we find
something concrete
to nail Sam with,
the sooner I can
be reborn... again.
Any luck finding Tony Barnes?
No, but get this...
We don't know
much about him,
except that he amassed
a huge fortune
in Manhattan real estate.
But he liquidated his estate
right after Sam went missing.
So?
So, he's like a modern day
Howard Hughes.
Nobody's seen Barnes since.
Yet he's still buying things...
expensive things.
Hey, Tess,
where are you?
St. Benjamin's Hospital.
Sam's visiting a patient here.
Who?
Someone in intensive care,
the quarantine ward.
Sam's leaving.
I gotta go.
Okay. You stay with him,
I'll figure out who's was
visiting him, and why.
Quarantine?
What does that mean?
I don't know,
but I'm going to go to
the hospital and find out.
Well, y-you
can't go alone.
Why? Sam's already left.
He'll never see me.
Yeah, but you don't know
who you're gonna find there.
For all we know,
it could be Barnes.
Okay, but I can
handle myself.
Sam tried to blow us all up.
He will do anything
to save his ass,
including killing you.
At least take Vincent.
Vincent?
Yes, Vincent.
He will protect you
if anything goes wrong.
Plus, he knows that
hospital inside-out.
Didn't he do his
residency there?
Look, he is in our lives,
and he is not going anywhere.
So unless you tell me
I have something to worry about,
I won't.
I gotta admit, I was a little
surprised that you called.
It was
Gabe's idea.
Really?
Yeah.
All he cares about
is nailing Sam...
which is all I
care about, too.
Copy that.
Look, don't go through
Admitting, okay?
Too much red tape.
Just flash your badge
at an E.R. nurse,
and they'll let you through.
They're used to cops.
Must feel like
old times here.
Actually, it feels like
a whole lifetime ago.
This one's stable,
but we got more inbound.
Hey, guys, let's go.
Unbelievable.
What's the matter?
Hey, buddy,
you okay?
My stomach hurts.
Okay, show me where.
Around here.
Okay, just take
a deep breath in.
Here?
Okay, okay.
You're gonna be fine,
hang in there, okay?
What are you doing?
He's not stable at all.
Hey, orderly,
come here.
Get this kid to the O.R.,
stat, okay?
Here.
Thanks, Doc.
Yeah, quickly.
What?
It's nice seeing the old you.
♪ Beauty and the Beast 2x14 ♪
Redemption
Original Air Date on February 17, 2014
== sync, corrected by elderman ==
@elder_man
Hey, how's that
kid doing?
The one with the
internal bleeding?
Oh, right, sorry.
Yeah, he had a burst spleen,
caught it just in time.
Good call, Doc.
Bad news, I couldn't get
into quarantine.
You okay?
Yeah, actually,
I am. Uh...
Sorry, what were
you saying?
Okay, so I got
the nurse
to give me the
patient's name,
Jacob Sutter,
but not much else.
She said CDC's
taking over the case,
that they're putting
him in lockdown.
CDC is?
Well, what disease?
They don't know.
Designer drug, maybe,
but none of the
symptoms match
anything they've
ever seen before.
High fever, memory loss,
psychotic rage.
Okay, wait, wait,
wait, slow down.
What does this got
to do with Sam?
I don't know, but I'll bet it
has something to do with
the fact that he's the second
patient named Jacob Sutter
to have been afflicted.
Two days ago, a man--
same name, same age--
was admitted
to Hudson University Hospital,
similar symptoms, but he died.
He died?
So, what, you think
Sam is injecting them
with the serum that JT made?
Well, if he is,
why people with the same name?
And why isn't it working? Why
haven't they turn into beasts?
Vincent Keller.
I can't tell you how happy I was
when I found out
you were still alive.
It's good to see you, Doctor.
You, too.
Doctor, this is Catherine,
Catherine, Dr. Markus.
He was the attending here
when I was a resident.
Oh, it's nice to meet you.
You, too.
So, what brings you here?
You looking to get back
into it, I hope?
Your boyfriend was one
of the most gifted doctors
I had the great
pleasure of mentoring.
Oh, uh, no, no, we're not,
we're not together.
We're just friends.
Oh, well, I'm sorry I assumed.
And I am late for rounds.
So, you, don't be a stranger.
Let's catch up.
Absolutely.
Catherine.
Wow. You know,
this actually
used to be my life.
Why didn't you ask him
to get us into quarantine?
On what grounds?
He's not gonna
risk getting in trouble
with the CDC
just to try and sneak us in.
Okay, well, you have
to find out another way
'cause we have to figure out how
Sam's connected to all this
before the other
Jacob Sutter dies.
I knew Jacob Sutter's name
sounded familiar.
You knew him from the orphanage?
Yeah, although I don't know
if he was one of the kids
Muirfield experimented on
before your mom got us
all out of there.
So, you think that Sam is going
around trying
to find that Jacob Sutter,
specifically?
Maybe. It makes sense.
After all,
he knew about the orphanage.
That's how he tried to frame me.
Though,
he obviously doesn't know
which Jacob he's looking for.
Okay, so he's going around
injecting every Jacob Sutter
he can find until
he finds the right one?
One that he can turn
into a beast.
A beast?
Why else would he have forced JT
to make the serum?
And if Sam's injected two other
people already,
what else could he want?
But why does he need to have
somebody
from the orphanage specifically?
Why can't he just inject
anybody?
I don't know.
Obviously, Muirfield had
their selection process.
We were all handpicked,
but I don't know why.
I know somebody who might.
Excuse me, Jacob Sutter?
Yeah?
Sam Landon, Local 127.
The union sent me down.
I guess there's been
a couple grievances.
Got a minute?
Sure.
Doctor.
How's he doing in there?
Worse.
You one of Jacob's doctors?
Yeah. Yeah, I am.
Can you help him?
Ma'am, we are doing everything
we can, believe me.
Do you have any idea how
this may have happened to him?
No, I don't.
He just... went
to meet somebody,
then they found him on
the streets later all crazy like.
He's confused, raged.
He doesn't even know who I am
or who the kids are!
Look, I know
this is very frightening,
but he is in very good hands,
okay? The best.
You know, why don't you go for a walk?
Get some fresh air.
Let us take care of him here
so you can be ready
to take care of him
when he gets back home, okay?
Bless you, Doctor...?
Keller.
Dr. Keller.
What do you mean someone's
trying to make a beast?!
Do you mind keeping
your voice down?
I'd rather not get
locked up, too.
I'm sorry.
The last thing I ever want
to do is hurt you.
You know that.
Okay, I'm not here for us, Dad.
I'm here because you know
everything that Muirfield did.
I'm in here...
I took the bullet
so you could be free
of beasts.
I'm not interested...
No, you are in there
because you deserve to be!
Because you helped create
Muirfield.
And then you took the
law into your own hands
and you hurt innocent people.
Including you.
Okay. Do you or do you not know
how they selected people
to be experimented on?
That was your mom's job,
she was the scientist.
Apparently,
there's a certain gene
that a small percentage
of the population had...
have.
It makes them predisposed
to becoming beasts.
That's how they chose the kids
for the orphanage.
They all had that gene.
Yeah. Except, not all of them
got the serum.
Because as soon as your mom
found out
what Muirfield
was really up to, she helped
the rest of those kids escape.
Right, like Gabe.
Except he was already injected.
Which is why he became... one.
And now Sam's trying
to create another one.
Okay, so what happens
if somebody gets injected
but they don't have the gene?
It overwhelms
the nervous system.
They'll die.
Is that what's happening
out there?
Not for long if I can help it.
Hold on. Wait.
Listen, Catherine, you've got
to stop this, finish this
once and for all, or you're
never gonna have a life,
this Vincent, everything.
What are you talking about?
Because if you don't,
it will consume you
the way it consumed me
and your great aunt...
That is crazy.
No, it's not! I tried to save you
from it, to spare you,
but I can't now.
You gotta do it on your own.
You gotta kill the beasts
before they kill you.
Especially Vincent.
Okay, guard!
Wait! Listen,
don't let him fool you.
He is not gonna get better.
They only get worse,
and only you can stop him!
Sam went up
with some construction worker,
but no one came out.
Where'd he go?
I don't know, but I thought
I'd stay here and call you.
You think he found
another Jacob Sutter?
God, I hope not.
You okay?
You mean other
than the fact
that my father says
I have to kill Vincent?
What?
Never mind. It's stupid.
Sir, are you okay?
Sorry, I'm almost done.
You know, you're lucky
it wasn't worse.
I didn't know what to do.
I couldn't just shoot him.
Ah. I'm just upset because
I'm stuck in here hiding
while you're out
there fighting beasts.
We didn't know
that was Sam's plan
when we came up with the idea
to make him think you're dead.
Yeah, but I should have
figured it out.
I mean, getting JT
to make the serum,
experimenting on Muirfield
orphans to figure out how
to turn one into a beast?
Well, he finally found one.
The question is, what does Sam
want a beast for? I mean,
after all, he's gone
to a lot of trouble
to make one.
It took him years.
We might find the answer to that
if we can find
the elusive Mr. Barnes.
I've been trying to follow his
money trail, which is extensive.
I mean, this guy bought
lab equipment, cars,
stayed at luxury hotels,
but no actual sign of Barnes.
I've never seen
anything like it,
especially in this
day and age.
He's obviously doing
everything he can
to conceal his identity.
Which brings us back to Sam.
We have to find him,
stop him
from doing whatever
it is he's about to do.
I thought Tess was looking for Sam?
She is,
but it'll be faster
to track his new beast to him.
You mean, have Vincent
track his beast.
I'm coming with you.
Gabe, you can't.
The hell I can't.
I'm not risking you
getting hurt again.
No, you have the gene,
you're predisposed, which means
this isn't just about Sam
figuring out you're still alive.
It's about him turning
you back into a beast.
You really want
to risk that?
You know, it's one thing
to be an actual doctor
and take patient's blood,
it's another thing to pretend
to be one and steal it.
I believe, in New York,
that's called a felony.
Yeah, and so is
murder, okay?
So keep looking
for an antidote.
We gotta figure out a way
to save this guy's life.
And considering how fast
the other Jacob died,
I don't think
I got much time left.
"I"? I mean, you're taking this
awfully personally.
I mean, it's not like
it's your fault.
Yeah, well, it's not about that,
okay? It's just...
I don't know, you know?
Remembering what I used to do,
being an actual doctor
and remembering
what that felt like, you know?
Maybe your human side's coming
back faster than you thought.
Anyway, this Jacob's definitely
been injected
with the serum I made.
I recognize the markers.
Okay, so why is it not
turning him into a beast?
Why-Why is it killing him
instead?
I don't know, but an antidote
might work precisely
because he's not a beast.
Although I have
no idea why he's not.
It's because
he's not predisposed.
Unlike you obviously were,
and Gabe.
That's what Sam's
been searching for,
others who are
predisposed.
He finally found
the Jacob Sutter he wanted.
Wait-- you mean,
he's made a beast?
Are you sure?
Yeah, I'm positive.
What, did he attack you?
Let me take a look.
No, it's okay. I'm okay.
The point is
he got away,
and you are the only person
who can track him to Sam.
Is that a problem?
No. No, not at all.
We're trying to
figure out how
to save this other
Jacob Sutter.
You know, the one who's actually
in a hospital.
Leave that to the real doctors.
Vincent, Sam has a beast.
And whatever he wants
him for, it's bad.
And it will undoubtedly
cost people lives,
and you're the only one
who can stop him.
Okay, okay, yeah,
I'll do it, okay.
So much for beast cold turkey.
Just find the antidote, okay?
It's hard to be Doctor Jekyll
when everybody keeps wanting
Mr. Hyde.
Hello! Can anyone
hear me?!
Oh, thank God.
Hey, can you get me
out of here, please?
You don't remember, do you?
Anything?
A little something extra
I put in the serum.
Now, unfortunately,
you attacked a woman
whose boyfriend undoubtedly will
come looking for revenge.
Unfortunate,
because it delays
what I really need you for.
However, bright side?
We'll see
if you can handle him.
I don't know who you are
or what you did to me,
but you can't make me do
anything I don't want to do.
Trust me, you won't have
a choice. When Vincent attacks,
your animal...
beastly instincts
will take over and
you'll fight back.
And, considering
how potent the serum is,
hopefully, you'll kick his ass.
Come on!
Jacob?
Jacob, listen
to me, man.
I'm not here to hurt you, okay?
I'm here to help.
Jacob, wait.
Don't let this thing take over
you, man, okay?
I know what you're going
through, trust me.
But I promise you,
you can fight this.
Easy.
Did you finish him off?
Let's go.
Detective Vargas.
Hey, it's me.
Any leads on Sam?
No, nothing.
The guy's super slippery.
Any word from Vincent?
No, not yet.
You worried?
Just let me know
when you find Sam.
How's that antidote
coming along?
Where you been?
I was getting worried.
Did you find Sam's Jacob?
Yeah, yeah, I found him.
So, what happened?
Did you stop him?
Where is he?
Uh, he-he got away.
He got away? How?
How? I don't know how, man.
He was a hell of a lot stronger
than I thought he'd be.
Whatever you put
in that damn serum.
Tori's blood. Still, you should've
easily been able
to stop him, so what
really happened?
I hesitated.
I tried talking to him,
helping him out,
and he caught me off guard.
Bad time to try and get in touch
with your human side. Hey, look,
forget it, shake it off.
Even Rocky lost
to Clubber Lang
the first time
they fought.
Next time you'll be ready and
you'll take him down, bam!
I don't think so.
Why not?
Because I can't keep
juggling this line
between beast and man.
It's just,
it's too confusing.
Come on. I gotta choose one
or the other.
Especially if I ever hope
to get Catherine back.
But you can't just quit.
Yeah, I can.
Who says I can't, man?
I want my life back,
my old life back.
But Sam's got a beast,
and you're only one
who can stop him.
By how, by killing the guy?
Come on.
Jacob isn't just beast, okay,
he's human, too, you know?
That sounds more like Cat
talking than you.
Well, that is
a good thing.
Because it means I'm on
the right track, right?
The more human I feel,
the more human I am.
The less beast, the better.
So is this it?
Um, yeah, but I have no idea
if it'll actually work.
It doesn't matter.
I'd rather try saving one Jacob
than killing another.
Thanks, buddy.
You know, it's all right
to worry about him.
Worry about who?
Okay, yeah, I'm worried.
Don't you think we should've
heard from Vincent by now?
I think if we really want
to make this work,
we have to be honest
with each other.
About everything,
including Vincent.
Cat, I don't expect you to
suddenly stop caring about him.
You have history
together, we all do.
But you can't
just keep avoiding it.
I know. You're right. I'm sorry.
Are you all right?
'Cause ever since you came back
from visiting your father,
you have been a little quiet.
Did he say something
to bother you?
Doesn't he always?
It's JT.
Where's Vincent?
What the hell are
you doing in here?
What is that?
Doctor...
Vincent, what are you doing?
Dr. Markus, let me explain.
Mrs. Sutter said a Dr. Keller
told her to go home.
I'm just trying to help,
Dr. Markus.
What is this?
Please, Dr. Markus,
there's no time left.
You're not even wearing a mask!
I don't need a mask.
Just let me explain.
I'm calling security.
Do, and he will die.
There is no time left, okay?
Please put down the phone.
Please, Dr. Markus,
I cannot tell you
why I know what I do,
but you know me,
Dr. Markus, okay?
You know that when I was
working for you,
all I ever cared about
was doing
absolutely everything I could
to help the patient,
to save lives.
Come on.
His labored breathing,
his pulse is thready,
he's dying and he's dying fast.
And this hospital can do nothing
more for him.
You know that.
This is his only chance, Doctor.
Please.
This better work,
or it's both our asses.
Thank you.
What do you mean,
Vincent quit?
How else are we
gonna stop Sam?
I don't know, but apparently
he's more concerned
about the innocent Jacob
than the beast one.
Okay, how is that possible?
What's he thinking?
Honestly,
I think he's thinking about you.
Sorry?
Look, I'm probably breaking
the bro code here,
but since we're talking
about life and death,
Vincent's trying to go straight.
Beast straight.
Why?
To win you over,
to get you back.
By proving he's more man
than beast.
JT, that is crazy.
Is it?
Isn't that why you two broke up
in the first place,
because it was the reverse?
Yes, but I'm with Gabe now.
But only because Vincent went
beast. Look, I don't want
to get in the middle of this,
but all I'm saying
is with Vincent trying
to show you he's made a mistake,
who knows?
Maybe destiny will prevail.
Yeah, if I don't kill him first.
Never mind.
Hi.
Hey, I think
I might've found something.
both. Cat, I think
they might be the same person.
Think about it.
Both Barnes and Sam went missing
on the same day
six years ago, right?
And up until Dana found Sam,
she thought that Barnes
had killed him.
But now that Sam's still alive,
Barnes is nowhere to be found.
You think that Sam killed Barnes
instead and took his identity?
Maybe.
It's the only thing
that makes sense.
Plus, I found a loft that Barnes
used years ago on the West Side.
And there's never been
a title change,
but somebody's still making
the payments, and in his name.
Okay, so the whole reason
we were following Sam
is in the hopes
that he would lead us to Barnes,
but if they're one
in the same person...
Then we need
to grab him, stop him.
We may even know where
to look for him.
Okay, the only problem
is that Vincent's gone MIA.
What do you mean?
Long story,
but the short of it is
we're on our own,
and we have no way
to stop Sam's beast.
Well, maybe I can.
Gabe, we've already talked
about this.
I'm not talking
about fighting Jacob,
I'm talking about
appealing to him.
Look, we're both from
the same orphanage, right?
That means we know
each other, okay?
I know what he's been through,
what he's going through.
He's not gonna hurt me.
But Sam will
if he catches you.
You are just
as predisposed as...
He won't catch me.
I'll be careful.
Look, Catherine, I am done
sitting on the sidelines.
This is too important.
Gabe, wait.
If I can save Jacob,
then we can finally nail Sam.
What's going on?
What's going on is that
everything's falling apart.
Time for a Hail Mary.
Hmm?
Who is this?
Not your dead wife if that's
what you're wondering.
And by the way,
she's not really dead.
Detective Chandler.
I'm done playing games, Sam.
We're onto you.
We know you killed Tony Barnes
just like you thought
you killed your wife.
I don't understand.
Dana's alive?
You're not the only one
who knows how to play dead.
I don't believe you.
How else do you think
I got her phone?
Do yourself a favor, Sam,
turn yourself in
before it's too late.
It's already too late.
For 6 years, I've been trying
to get revenge for my son.
I'm not going to stop now.
So that's what this is about,
your son?
Isn't that enough?
It won't bring him back.
At least the people who did this
to him will finally pay.
Well, you'll never
get away with it.
Lowan?
What was that? What happened?
Looks like my wife's
not the only one still alive.
No!
Gabe!
He's going to make it.
Okay, talk to me.
I think Mr. Sutter
is going to make it, Vincent.
I don't know how,
or why,
but... he's definitely
improving.
Thank God.
CDC's going to want to
open an investigation.
They will need to know
how he survived
and what this hospital did,
exactly.
And what are you going to say?
Well...
wouldn't be the first
unexplained medical miracle
we've ever seen, right?
No.
Thank you.
Look, Dr. Markus,
I'm sorry I got
you involved.
Involved in what?
You saved a man's life, Vincent.
That's all
that matters...
especially to you,
I'm gathering.
I don't know if you're trying
to make amends for something...
...but that's the way to do it.
Vincent.
What are you doing here?
Sam has Gabe.
How?
He went after Beast-Jacob,
hoping to...
Look, the point is
with Gabe being predisposed...
Sam can turn Gabe
back into a beast.
Exactly.
Listen,
JT told me
about what you're
trying to do.
How you're trying
to redeem yourself for me.
That guy's got a big mouth.
And I
appreciate that,
I really do,
and I know that it isn't fair
for me to ask you
to do this,
but if you don't help Gabe...
Where is he? Come on.
You gotta believe me,
I never wanted it
to come to this.
I'm not a madman,
- I just want...
- Justice?
I can get you justice,
for your son,
for everything that's happened.
No, you can't.
No one can.
The people who took
my son's life...
they're too powerful.
This is the only way.
Who?
Who are you talking about?
Let me help you.
You're going to.
By keeping your friends
away from me while
Jacob helps me
finish what
I started.
The good news,
for what it's worth...
you won't remember
what you're about to become,
what you're
about to do.
Please, don't do
this to me.
I'm begging you, okay?
I don't want to...
I don't want to become
a beast again,
I don't want to
go back there.
I know.
No, please.
I'm sorry.
Forgive me.
Jacob!
Inject him!
Get Sam! Hurry!
Catherine!
Vincent.
Vincent!
Are you okay?
Still no sign of Sam, huh?
No, he got
away again.
Can you
sense him?
No.
He's a hard man
to track, you know?
Don't worry,
we'll find him.
Yeah, before or after
he completes his
revenge mission?
Well, at least he
doesn't have a beast
to help him
out any more.
Come on, you had
no choice, okay?
You had to shoot him
to save Gabe.
Yeah.
That's not what's bothering me.
I didn't even hesitate,
I just pulled the trigger.
Well, it's not like you haven't
shot a beast before, all right?
Yeah, but it's
the first time
that it didn't
even cross my mind
that I was shooting
a person, too.
What?
For the first time, yesterday,
I hesitated, too.
I got my ass kicked,
but I... I couldn't stop
thinking about
Jacob,
the person.
I don't know, I guess
it's a fine balance
to work out, huh?
At least you're still trying.
Well, I'm glad
you're still noticing.
Hey.
Hey, are you okay?
Still human...
thanks to you.
Guess I should've
stayed dead
a little
longer, huh?
No, no, not... not at all.
Everything seemed
to work out just fine.
Except for Sam.
We gotta find him before
he finds another beast.
Can I help you?
Xavier Wright?
Yeah.
From the orphanage?
Do I know you?
You want to talk about it?
It's just you hardly said
a word the whole ride home.
I guess I just feel bad,
that's all.
About?
It's nothing, really. I'm okay.
Hey,
I thought we decided that we were
gonna be honest with each other.
I...  I feel really
bad about what I did to Jacob.
And about asking Vincent
to help.
You didn't have much
of a choice.
I know.
I know, but he's been trying
so hard to redeem himself,
to... become more of a man.
But he's not a man, Catherine.
He's a beast.
You don't really believe that.
Look, do you want to know
what I believe?
I believe that your relationship
with Vincent
is getting in the way of ours.
No, that's not true.
No?
You sure about that? Be honest.
Okay, so what do you want me
to do about it?
Cut him out
of my life completely?
Look, I'm the one who said
that we have to accept the fact
that Vincent is in your life,
in our lives.
But it doesn't mean I like it,
because I don't.
It feels like there are three
of us in this relationship,
and, sooner or later,
that is gonna have
to be resolved, Catherine.
Vincent has to go.
We have to talk.
Come on in.
We have
to stop seeing each other.
What?
Not...
romantically, um, because
we're not romantic anymore.
Um...
Okay.
It's also confusing,
and it's just so hard
with you still being in my life.
It's not fair to me,
it's not fair to Gabe.
Gabe?
Okay.
You know what I
think about that?
I think...
screw Gabe.
Sorry?
Catherine, come on.
We both know that you're not
supposed to be with Gabe, okay?
You are supposed
to be with me.
Come on. Please, no.
I'm leaving.
Vincent, we tried to be together, okay?
We did everything we could
and it didn't work
and it's not ever going to work.
We're just not meant to be.
Okay, this is your father
talking, not you.
Let me go.
No. Come on.
No, come on. I love you.
You okay?
== sync, corrected by elderman ==
@elder_man
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from OpenSubtitles.org